README.md, before:

# **Synapse**
### **The new SCP: Secret Laboratory Plugin loader**
Synapse is a new found project created by two german official community Server-Hosters. We used Harmony to create a framework which makes us easier to implement new functions, game updates and overall a new experience a player.

## **Features & Configs**

Synapse itself has a ton of features some of these include:
 - A complete self written permission system
 - A remote keycard system out of the box
 - A feature rich translation system
 - and many many more... 
 
 For a  full feature list click the [Features](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/wiki/Features) link to get to the wiki.

## **Installation**
The installation of Synapse is very easy.

Download the newest release from the [Releases](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/releases) page.
Then follow the instructions under the Wiki: [Hosting Guides](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/wiki#hosting-guides)

## **Developers**

Developing for Synapse is just as easy as the Installation.
Please check our [example plugin](https://github.com/GrafDimenzio/Example-Plugin) and our [Wiki](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/wiki#developer-guides) for a full API documentation.

## **Support & Credits**
In need of Support please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/wSBHXwy)!

First of all we need to thank [SCP: Secret Laboratory](https://scpslgame.com) and Northwood Studios for creating this amazing game. Please support them and the game via their patron.

We also need to thank the [Harmony](https://github.com/pardeike/Harmony) guys for developing a Runtime .NET Patcher.


#### **Created by Dimenzio and SirRoob**

Commit message:

Update Readme to credit EXILED

README.md, after:

# **Synapse**
### **The new SCP: Secret Laboratory Plugin loader**
Synapse is a new found project created by two german official community Server-Hosters. We used Harmony to create a framework which makes us easier to implement new functions, game updates and overall a new experience a player.

**This Legacy Code is depcreated. [Please use this repo!](https://github.com/SynapseSL/Synapse)**

## **Features & Configs**

Synapse itself has a ton of features some of these include:
 - A complete self written permission system
 - A remote keycard system out of the box
 - A feature rich translation system
 - and many many more... 
 
 For a  full feature list click the [Features](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/wiki/Features) link to get to the wiki.

## **Installation**
The installation of Synapse is very easy.

Download the newest release from the [Releases](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/releases) page.
Then follow the instructions under the Wiki: [Hosting Guides](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/wiki#hosting-guides)

## **Developers**

Developing for Synapse is just as easy as the Installation.
Please check our [example plugin](https://github.com/GrafDimenzio/Example-Plugin) and our [Wiki](https://github.com/moelrobi/Synapse/wiki#developer-guides) for a full API documentation.

## **Support & Credits**
In need of Support please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/wSBHXwy)!

First of all we need to thank [SCP: Secret Laboratory](https://scpslgame.com) and Northwood Studios for creating this amazing game. Please support them and the game via their patron.

We also need to thank the [Harmony](https://github.com/pardeike/Harmony) guys for developing a Runtime .NET Patcher.

A lot of the ground work of this repository is done by [Exiled](https://github.com/galaxy119/EXILED) and the Exiled Development Team. Thank you for teaching us! :)

#### **Created by Dimenzio and SirRoob**
